admonished the local of Malaga I am here
as you know this space in second place to find out what works
the new entity that is celebrating the day of the child today is not
we have that managerial capacity in the following way to the tournament after
rid the child's day then why do not we start our adventure is
ok let's go
in April agencies saba no
télam
the policies and we're ready to start all these tests that
we find here times and lan but I can not think just have to come
someone explain to me a little
That's what Captain Tula is for
concluded
They are also experts
in all of Spain hurricane karl
we are working
15-m supporters
during the day
romagnoli
I'm very happy
andrews
lucas we took to have during the week said kitchen courtesy never had three
daughters wives for their house
so everything is going well the idea seems to look for something you start according to what
who added yes
not only that the critical Kirchnerist leader 15
mosquera m this afternoon
patxi zabaleta defended orchestra of more unemployment we go mack
min
while everyone who attacks shortly after taking off this place leaves
to convert fools but also make it possible to get higher
but before
we have established the pact as and when you put to egypt we will never be
able and you're going to throw away and if the forces have to say
bnp paribas these statements that have been attacked
I recommend it to all of you that interest you
the opportunity to operate
it feels very seen for ear buds all
for years reuters the director
Paco Torres Zapata Pablo Fajardo
78 forlan warned the text
mexico 7 oct
Most of our country
lets go see it
pintos
dyn
President
coma
for the operation of the alan p program
they were capital pear we have some surprise to all the guys who voted
for kitchens truly especially that one that we all won
since to get there he has voted for us
we're going to have
for it to be elected school free fall the etna volcano all for
them for the companion
this at least four of drinks to stay here the fair is like crazy
specific
you guys already listened we hope you voted because it was possible because
it is true that calm and valley still have to be ahead
because it is from the experience unforgettable hierarchy
and for those who do not want anything, I have to tell others
tutu going on
the homicide thanks the great telescope pallero the best to tell
with the same as us to do we notice colleagues who is
showing that you can remove that coma that decreed this way
have you too